EZP-32186: FormMapper for Datatype uses obscure syntax (#1316)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/field_type_type_and_value.md

It is recommended to use a simple associative array format for the settings schema returned by `eZ\Publish\SPI\FieldType\FieldType::getSettingsSchema()`, which follows these rules:

> - The key of the associative array identifies a setting (e.g. `format`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The key of the associative array identifies a setting (for example, `format`)
```

- Its value is an associative array describing the setting using:

>     - `type` to identify the setting type (e.g. `int` or `string`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `type` to identify the setting type (for example, `int` or `string`)
```
